then sofa
a methide answered therefore my anxious
thoughts make me answer because of the
turmoil within me I have heard the
rebuke that reproaches me and the spirit
of my understanding causes me to answer
do you not know this of old since man
was placed on earth that the triumphing
of the wicked is short and the joy of
the hypocrite is but for a moment though
his haughtiness mounts up to the heavens
and his head reaches to the clouds yet
he will perish forever like his own
refuse those who have seen him will say
where is he
he will fly away like a dream and not be
found yes he will be chased away like a
vision of the night the eye that saw him
will see him no more nor will his place
behold him anymore
his children will seek the favor of the
poor and his hands will restore his
wealth his bones are full of his
youthful vigor but it will lie down with
him in the dust
though evil is sweet in his mouth and he
hides it under his tongue though he
spares it and does not forsake it but
still keeps it in his mouth yet his food
in his stomach
turns sour it becomes cobra venom within
him he swallows down riches and vomits
them up again God cast them out of his
belly he will suck the poison of Cobras
the Vipers tongue will slay him he will
not see the streams the rivers flowing
with honey and cream he will restore
that for which he laboured and will not
swallow it down from the proceeds of
business Hey
he will get no enjoyment for he has
oppressed and forsaken the poor he has
violently seized the house which he did
not build because he knows no quietness
in his heart he will not save anything
he desires nothing is left for him to
eat therefore his well-being will not
last it is self-sufficiency he will be
in distress every hand of misery will
come against him when he is about to
fill his stomach God will cast on him
the fury of his wrath and will rain it
on him while he is eating he will flee
from the iron weapon a bronze Bowl will
pierce him through it is drawn and comes
out of the body yes the glittering point
comes out of his gall terrors come upon
him total darkness is reserved for his
treasures an unfair will consume him it
shall go ill with him who is left in his
tent
the heavens will reveal his iniquity and
the earth will rise up against him the
increase of his house will depart and
his goods will flow away in the day of
his wrath this is the portion from God
for a wicked man the Heritage appointed
to him by God
you
[Music]